Transcrição
In just three words, your child can start listening to you as if they were hypnotized. Ready to know what they are? First off, these magic words will make the yelling, punishments, bribes, and spankings go extinct. Because you won't have to resort to these attitudes, which you hate, every time your child ignores you. All you'll need to do is squat down to their level, look into their bright eyes, and say those magic words. And your child will obey you, not out of obligation, but voluntarily. Not because they're afraid of you, but because they admire you. Not because they're interested in sweets or gifts, but because they genuinely respect you. You see, the way I discover ed these magic words was incredible. I had just gotten home from work and my son was watching TV in the living room. I asked him, son, how was your day? And he completely ignored me as if I wasn't even there. Most parents would get angry, right? I almost did. But when I looked at the TV and saw that my son was hypnotized by the cartoon, something clicked in my mind immediately. I realized that we parents fail daily in communicating with our children. And because of that, we become hostages to yelling to assert authority at home. But cartoons don't. They don't need to do that. They make our children imitate the behavior of the main character. They make our children memorize the song of the nursery rhyme. They make our children repeat the same phrases in the way they want. Have you ever wondered how children's content creators managed to do that? That day I asked myself and soon discovered that the secret lies in those magic words that act on the emotional sector of the child's brain, activating an almost instant response. A technique based on neuropsychology that is as powerful as it is subtle. To give you an idea of the power of this technique, there are countries that have created a law to prohibit it from being used by the children's toy industry. Countries like Brazil, Norway, Sweden. This is because through this little secret, they turn children against their parents over a simple toy, which would soon be left gathering dust while their profits soared. The good news is that you are free to use these banned words to positively influence any child and regain authority and control within your home. Just like for the last 11,247 mothers who watched this video. Now it's your turn to use it too. And in fact, opening your mouth is the only thing you'll need to do and nothing more. Hello, my name is Michelle Bottrell. I am a neuroscientist certified in Canada and a specialist in child behavior. But above all, I am a mother just like you. I have Nicholas who is nine and Christian who is five. And in 13 years of my profession, I helped about 15,000 parents educate their children. launched a book at Laetura Bookstore in my city, and became one of the world's leading experts on child education, reaching over 690,000 followers on Instagram. However, you might be surprised to know that before all this, I didn't know how to educate my own son. Yes, I won't lie to you. When my first son was born, I had no difficulties with him. He had no sleeping problems. He had no eating problems. He was okay with anyone who took care of him. Oh my god. Who is this child? Where is my son? Where did he go? I was baffled, but the worst part was that I didn't know how to handle him. Look, I come from a modest family in the countryside. And as you well know, in the countryside, all families have the custom of educating through punishment. Just to give you an idea, when I was a child, my grandmother used to lock me in the bathroom whenever I did something wrong. Unfortunately, that was my only reference. So when my son misbehaved, I would yell, punish, pull. But I swore I would never lock my son in the bathroom, because I hated it when my grandmother did that to me, and I didn't want my son to start hating me too. However, one day things got out of control. I remember it as if it were yesterday. It was a Sunday afternoon, some relatives were at my house, and I had just put the food on the table, Then everyone called their children and the kids came calmly and sat down to eat. And there I go to call my son. Son, come to eat. It's ready. He ignored me and started running around the house to attract attention. And I went and repeated, son, did you hear me talking to you? He ignored me and continued running as if I hadn't said anything. I continued, son, I'm telling you for the last time, come and sit at the table to eat before I punish you. And then he stopped, looked at my face, laughed and knocked me in front of everyone. I swear I tried to control myself. but being mocked in front of everyone was the last straw. I was terrified that my family would think I didn't educate my son at all. So I grabbed the child by the arm with all my strength, threw him into the bathroom, and locked the door from the outside so he couldn't come out. And he stayed in there crying. Mommy, mommy, get me out of here. Get me out of here. And me, foaming with rage. Now I want to see you disobey me again. Yes, I did to my son the same thing my grandmother did to me. And it chills me every time I tell this story. Because I knows a terrible thing to do. I feel bad every time I remember that episode. And believe it or not, God punished me for that attitude. At that time, I was still just a psychologist who had no knowledge in child education. I had already moved to the city and I worked in an office downtown. During one of my appointments, I ended up receiving a teenager about 14 years old with a very serious case. He wanted to take his own life. Looking at his face, you could clearly tell that something was not right. It seemed he was missing happiness in life. you know? I remember seeing him arrive at my office very downcast, wearing sandals, baggy pants, and a very dark hoodie, which was quite curious because it was very sunny and hot that day. And when he sat in the chair in my office in front of me, I jokingly asked him if he was cold. He shook his head, indicating no, lost in his own world. Then I discovered that the hoodie was only for one thing, to hide his self-harm marks. Yes, he was cutting himself with a blade. His arm was all scarred. Never in my life had I dealt with such a severe case in my career. And I wondered, oh my God, why? Why does such a young teenager want to take his life? What can happen in a child's life to reach that point? The answer I was looking for would shatter me inside. The cause of all the problems this boy was suffering was his own mother. Talking to the boy, he told me everything he had endured in his childhood. How his mother was very authoritarian, yelled a lot, punished a lot, hit a lot, regardless of what he did. Today, with much more experience, I know exactly why that boy came to me in that state. No matter how badly you treat your child, he will never stop loving you. Even if the child says you are annoying and he doesn't love you. You know it's just talk. You are the only mother or the only father he is going to have. He is not going to replace you. Ever. That boy, for example, loved his mother despite everything she had done. But the problem is, when you frequently punish your child, he doesn't stop loving you. He stops loving himself. Because in his little head, he will never be good enough for you. Do you understand? That's why he was cutting himself. That's why he wanted to take his own life. He didn't love himself. I confess that I was paralyzed while that boy told me his story. I had never hit my son, but the way he described his mother was quite similar to me. I wanted to help him somehow, but all I could see in front of me was the image of my son sitting in a psychologist's chair because of me. That broke me inside. At the end of the day, I avoided going home early so as not to meet my son awake. When I got home, I went straight to the bathroom and cried like never before. I sobbed. I had never felt so regretful, so bitter, so powerless in my life. I thought it was too late, that my son had been traumatized by me, and that everything bad was going to happen to him. But amidst all that remorse, suddenly I realized something that changed everything. I realized that no matter how much I cried or how much I regretted, what was done was done. I couldn't keep crying over spilled milk. The only thing I could do was change from then on so that my son wouldn't suffer. That was it. So I took the visit of that teenager as a warning from God to me. As if he had said, Michelle, the problem is not your son, it's you. You need to change. And it was from there that I began to dedicate my life to child education. I did dozens of trainings, post-graduates courses. I read every book on child education you can imagine. I spent years and years studying to understand our children until I moved here to Canada to continue my studies as well. And it all paid off because I finally discovered how to transform my words into sweetness for my son. and for any child, regardless of their gender, condition, or age. 98% of parents don't know this, and those who do know don't share it with anyone. The toy industry, the companies that produce children's content, and Disney itself can only succeed with children thanks to this little secret about your child that I am about to reveal now before they take this video down. But first, there's something fundamental you need to know about your child, how their brain works. Look, your child's behavior is influenced by two areas in the brain, the inner part, which we call the emotional sector, and the outer part, known as the rational sector. The brain develops from the inside out, sort of like a plant growing from a seed, you know? This means that it first begins to develop the emotional sector, and only afterward comes the rational sector. And do you know when your child's brain will be 100% ready? Only at 25 years old? That's right. So if your child is 2, 5, 9, or even 12 years old, their rational sector is still extremely small michelle what does this mean in practice it means that your child's emotions are gigantic but their capacity to control those emotions is minuscule and that's exactly why if you put juice in the blue glass instead of the red one the child throws a tantrum as if the world were ending and then the neighbors think you're hitting the child but no it's just your children's emotional part controlling the behavior Why is it important that you understand this? So that you stop making a huge mistake that 98% of parents make today. The mistake is using an adult rational language to communicate with a child. This is like wanting your child to watch an entire soap opera with you. Will it work? Absolutely not. Because they do not have the cognitive ability to absorb your words no matter how good your intentions are. Let me give you an example. Bedtime. It's your child's bedtime and you want them to turn off the TV, go brush their teeth and go to bed, right? As most parents do. Okay, time to turn off the TV because you have school tomorrow and you need to go to bed so you're not late. If you tell that to an adult, great, it makes sense. But for a child, it does not work. For the child, it's like it goes in one ear and out the other because you only use logical reasons. In your child's mind, it goes something like this. Mom is being mean and unfair. She doesn't want me to have fun. She wants me to brush my teeth and go to my bed. But brushing teeth and sleeping is boring, not fun. And so, the child fights with all their might not to cooperate with your words. This crucial mistake forces you to take drastic measures to get the child to obey. What measures are these? Yelling, punishing, or even hitting your children. So stay with me in this video where I'll show you how a simple adjustment in your communication can make the child obey the first time you speak. In such a way that you'll never need to use those measures again to teach your child right from wrong. But first, remember I said that children are driven by their emotions? Well, when you yell, threaten, or hit, the child indeed obeys. Why? Because intentionally or not, you're moving your child through an emotion, fear. The child feels so afraid of you when you use these measures that they do what you ask immediately, so you'll stop. It's the same feeling we have when we are mugged. We just give what the mugger wants, so they will leave us alone and go away quickly, right? Unfortunately, many children feel mugged at home every day. That's the truth. And since children can't express their feelings with words, they keep that inside them. And later, this can lead to very serious consequences, like the story of the 14 year old boy I told you about today. And do you know what the worst part of all is? It's that when you use punishment, the child doesn't learn. Yes, fear shuts down the part of the brain responsible for learning. That's why schools nowadays no longer use rules like in the past, because no one can learn that way. In fact, many parents come to me complaining that their child is doing poorly in school. And when I investigate, the children are educated under yelling, punishment, spanking or bribing. Michelle, what does that have to do with it? Everything. Harvard University showed that these attitudes negatively affect the cognitive development of children. That is, every time you yell, you lower your child's grades. But that's not all. The University of Texas, which analyzed 69 studies over a 70 year period, found that punishment brings no positive outcomes. In fact, it fuels behavioral problems, aggression, and emotional issues for the rest of your child's adult life. So, my dear mother or dear father, the truth is one, punishment does not work in the medium and long term. You might get the child to obey in the moment, but it will backfire on you sooner or later. Ah, Michelle, but my parents raised me that way, and today I'm successful. It's great that you were strong enough, truly, but can you guarantee that your child will be as strong as you? The mother of the 14-year-old boy thought nothing would happen, and look what occurred. Is it worth the risk? I don't think so. Because our parents used punishment not because it was the best thing to do, but because they didn't know any different. It's the same with anesthesia. Did you know that in the past, doctors performed surgeries without anesthesia? Imagine the pain people went through. They didn't do it because they thought it was the best approach, but because it was the only option available at the time. But the world has evolved. Today you sleep, wake up, and the surgery is already done. Look at that blessing. Similarly, child education has evolved. We no longer educate as before. And I think you suspected that, right? Thank goodness. Because if you hate having to punish your child and now know that it does not work, that it will harm the child, there is no reason to continue doing it. But Michelle, how am I going to make my child obey and respect me without yelling? That's one of the reasons I made this video, because I want to share my solution with you. A solution that will transform your words into sweetness for your child, making them obey the first time you speak without needing to yell and without needing to punish. And I'm talking about voluntary obedience, not in exchange for gifts or sweets, none of that. You are going to talk to your children in a way that is impossible to ignore. Not only at home, but also in church, at the mall, in the park, at a friend's birthday party, and even on long trips you have to take with them. All this through a simple adjustment in your communication that you will start to make from this video. The way I discovered that adjustment was incredible. After realizing that my biggest mistake was using adult language, I understood that I had to start using an alternative language to resolve the fights with my son once and for all. So I began to research and research. But after two months, all I found was dry theory. I couldn't identify a practical way to speak to the emotions of our children. Until one day, I realized that the solution was right in front of me all along. Or rather, it was in my living room. I had come home from work, my son was on the couch, my husband in the kitchen, and I said, son, how was your day today? He completely ignored me. When I turned towards him, I got a shock. His little eyes didn't even blink. His mouth was open. And he seemed completely mesmerized by the cartoon on TV. before I thought of getting angry. Something clicked in my mind at that moment. That's it, the cartoons. Cartoons have always known how to talk to the emotional sector of our children. If you think about it, the cartoons make the child listen, make the child obey, and best of all, make the child learn. Have you never seen a child imitating the character from the cartoon even when they're not watching it? I found it fascinating. And I started to study, like crazy, how they did that. Until I also discovered that the toy industry used that same secret. For what? To make children pressure their parents to buy that toy that appears in the commercial. And then, when parents buy, the child plays with it for a week and leaves it in a corner collecting dust. Disney itself uses that secret to influence our children. All these discoveries led me to a doubt. If a 20-minute cartoon can influence my child so well, can I do the same? I needed to try it. So I started watching all the cartoons that children watch the most. Paw Patrol, Cocomelon, Pinkfong. I also watched the most successful toy commercials on TV. I went to Disney. Yes, I took advantage of taking my son there and also took note of all the triggers they used with children. The words they said, the way they spoke, the timing when they spoke. And after much and much work, I started to notice some patterns. Incredibly, there is a pattern in... all types of content for children not so much in the words but in the way they are said it was as if they knew how to speak in fact the language of children you know something that parents have no idea how to do and that language is effective regardless of gender age ethnicity culture condition and even the country where the child was born it's a universal language of children that works in any possible situation it's incredible i had never seen anything like it but when i got my hands on this secret, I used all my knowledge in child education to create a kind of magic phrases to help my child obey. Not just at home, but anywhere. Church, mall, park, airport. For doing tedious things like brushing teeth, having lunch, or even studying. It was a simple adjustment in my communication. I simply stopped saying what didn't work and started talking about what really works. Very simple. The first time I made this adjustment was a real test. My son was watching TV and it was already 7.30 PM, which was bedtime. So I needed him to turn off the TV and get ready for bed. I sat next to my son, started watching the cartoon with him and suddenly dropped a phrase. A phrase to connect with my son at that moment. He stops, looks at me with those bright eyes and starts talking to me all excited. The first phrase worked. My goal with it was just to enter his world. All right, let's move on to the second phrase. I looked at him and said, son, this cartoon is good, right? You really like it. I released it in a completely unique way and let him speak. That showed him that I understand and comprehend him. Now I had the same influence that his favorite character had. Think about it. Asking him to brush his teeth is one thing, but having his favorite character ask is another. And then I look at him and use the agreement phrase. The agreement phrase seems magical because if you use the other two phrases correctly, it's impossible for the child not to obey. What happened next left me astonished. My son got up from the sofa, turned off the TV by himself and asked me to tell him a bedtime story. This whole interaction took less than three minutes. I almost let out a shout of happiness. But do you want to know something even better? The more you use this type of communication, the quicker your child will start to obey you. Nowadays, as I have been using this methodology for a long time, this is how my relationship works with my two boys. They help me around the house just by me asking a simple question. Most parents watching this video probably can't get their children to collaborate so easily. Why? Because they haven't learned to speak this language of obedience yet. They haven't used the right phrases. But I promise you one thing. If you learn to speak the language of your children and practice these phrases daily, you will reach the point where you can just ask a question and your child will obey you instantly. This simple adjustment in communication saved me all the stress when I got home from work. There were no more screams. I no longer attracted the neighbor's attention. I had my free time with my husband. And mainly, I went to bed without resentment, without regrets, and without guilt. And what about the people who came to my house? They were astonished by the change in behavior of my son. Michelle, he seems like a different child. I got tired of hearing that. My son learned to read faster. I started receiving various compliments in his school notebook. And mothers asked me for advice to improve their children's behavior. I felt like the best mother in the world. But do you know why this is important for you? Do you know what you gain from all this? I'm going to explain it to you. Most of us learn how to educate our children by observing our parents, right? Exactly. So if you learn to educate by copying your parents, it means you can also copy me. You just need to make the same adjustment in communication that I did with my first son. In other words, you just need to adopt the magic phrases I used, mimic the tone of voice I spoke with, and choose the right moment to put it into practice in your home. you will see the results happen no in advance it's not a cake recipe no it's an adaptable tool that will work according to your child's individuality i'm so sure it will work for you because i've shared this methodology in hundreds of consultations the results of my patients left me very excited 91 of my patients said they stopped yelling 85 said that school grades significantly improved 75 reported they managed to reduce screen time 90% said they stopped fighting with their children daily. 93% reported receiving compliments for their children's new behavior. Exactly 9 out of 10 parents approved this communication adjustment. With this, there were no doubts left. The methodology I developed proved effective in all possible scenarios, no matter how severe the situation. But it wasn't all smooth sailing. At the peak of demand for my consultations, there was a significant problem. Unfortunately, I realized that my day only has 24 hours. I was so busy helping dozens of families every day that I ended up neglecting to take care of my own. I am a neuroscientist certified in Canada, but above all, I'm a mother, and in my life, God comes first, followed by my family. So talking with my husband, I decided to stop doing consultations. But my husband gave me an incredible idea to create a new version of everything I had developed before to continue helping conscious mothers and fathers like you. And today it's finally ready and I'm making it available to you. It's called the obedience language, and it's the complete blueprint that shows you exactly how to speak with your children in a way that is impossible to ignore. I'm talking about over 200 magic phrases that connect directly with a child's emotions, plus the step by step methodology behind everything. This is specifically for mothers and fathers who want to reclaim the authority and respect that television, cell phones and tablets have stolen from within their own homes. And the best part about what I'm sharing with you today, there are no long readings or complicated videos to sit through. You won't have to sacrifice your time or energy to implement this in your home. I made sure to create something tailored specifically for extremely busy parents like you and me. All you need is five to 10 minutes to gain the superpowers and influence that any parent would dream of having. Here's exactly what you'll get access to. First, you'll receive a series of short videos where I walk you through exactly how to apply the methodology at home. Second, you'll get the ready-made magic phrases that you can use with your child in any situation, at any place, at any time. That's it. These two simple components will give your words the power to make your child learn what is right and wrong without needing to repeat the same thing 50 times. Help you become a more patient mother or father who doesn't stress over everything. Improve the relationship so you never again hear from your child that you are boring or that they do not love you. and so much more that you'll discover once you have this in your hands. I know that you believe your children deserve to be educated in the best way possible. And I also know that you want to receive compliments from school teachers in the diary, that you want to see your child being used as an example for other children, that you want to stop being hostage to daily screaming. I know all this because I had the same wishes as a mother before. And through this methodology, I achieved those goals. Now it's your turn to achieve them too. Now here's what I need you to understand. I wish I could simply hand this over to every parent who needs it. But here's the reality. I have a dedicated team of specialists, editors, customer support, hosting, and technical staff who work around the clock to ensure this reaches thousands of families every single month. Without their hard work, none of this would be possible. That's the only reason I can't simply give this away for free. but I also refuse to let money be the obstacle that prevents you from transforming your relationship with your child. You see, when I first developed the obedience language, parents came to my private consultations and invested around $200 per session to learn this methodology. Some needed three sessions, others five, others required 10 sessions to master everything that I'm now ready to share with you. So honestly, if I charge $200 for this complete system, it would be completely fair. That's what people paid for just one session with me. And considering that you can use this until your child turns 14 years old. Looking at it from that perspective, it's quite reasonable, right? But because my goal is to change the education of 1 million children through this program, and because you've stayed with me throughout this entire presentation, you won't need to invest anywhere near $200. While this page is still up, you can get access to the obedience language for just $47. If you want to transform your words into sweetness for your child, click the button below and your life will never be the same again. As soon as you take advantage of this special offer, I want to give you five bonuses just for trusting your child's education to me. Bonus one, the Smart Kid program. Did you know that only 20% of our children's intelligence is hereditary and the other 80% is determined by their childhood? Yes, developing a child's cognitive intelligence is the direct link to them receiving an A on their first report card, graduating with honors from a competitive university, and enjoying a successful career that will bring them happiness and prosperity for the rest of their life. Everyone knows that today's successful adults were shaped back when they were just innocent children. This means that your child's future starts being built now. In the SmartKid program, I show you how to raise intelligent children in this technology dominated world. This program is valued at $47, but I'm giving it to you as a gift today. Now, let me ask you something. You, so do I. Isn't it nerve-wracking when you choose a day to clean the whole house and just when you finish, your child comes and messes everything up? Well, when you enter the obedience language today, you will win the webinar, How to Build Your Children's Routine, and that problem will be solved. Because with a well-defined routine, you don't even need to ask your child to pick up their toys. They do it themselves without being asked. It seems hard to believe, right? But when we use the routine chart technique, which I will show you in this webinar, you'll understand why it works like magic. When I did this webinar, the entry cost $47 per parent. But guess what? I'm giving you access as a gift just for trusting me. Look, many parents come to me feeling guilty because their child spends a lot of time on screen since they don't have much time to play with their kids, either because they work during the day and only get home at night, or because they have more than one child at home and can't give the proper attention that everyone deserves. Either way, we know that screens harm children's cognitive development in the medium and long term. And I know that you don't want that, much less do I. Therefore, I decided to also give you the webinar, How to Teach Your Child to Play Alone. a webinar with games that foster children's imagination and play while making them smarter, much better than a cell phone or tablet. When I did this webinar, the entry also cost $47, but today you will gain access as a gift. Look, if you have more than one child, you'll like this. You've probably complained that they seem like cat and dog inside the house, right? Or if you have one child, there are those disputes between cousins when they get together. right? That ends from today with the United Siblings program. Discover how to improve the relationship of your children between siblings, cousins, and friends so you don't have to be breaking up fights every time they get together. If you go to my official site, you will find this program for $47, but today you get it completely free by joining Obedience Language. Now, the last prize I have for you is very special. I'll give you a digital copy of my beloved book that I launched at Leitura Bookstore in my city in 2019. The book, What Are You Afraid Of? This book will help your child deal with fear through play. You saw the story of the 14 year old boy I attended to. You see stories of child anxiety and depression all the time on TV, on the internet. Therefore, it is crucial that you help your child deal with fear, which is a normal human emotion, but if not controlled, can limit the development of that child for the rest of their life. If you go to Amazon now, you'll find my book for $47. But because I want to help you raise obedient children, I'm giving it to you as a gift. These five bonuses that alone would cost $335. You will take them completely free by clicking the button below this video and joining Obedience Language today. Look, I don't know about you, but if I'm passing by a store and see that dress I like, which used to cost $100 on sale for $50, I don't think twice. I pull out my credit card from my wallet and take advantage of the opportunity. Who knows how long it will last, right? Now, when it comes to my child's education then, I spare no expense. I believe that the best investment we make is in our children. But I understand you. Maybe you are doubting whether obedience language can work with your child for whatever reason. Shall we overcome that obstacle? How about joining the program without committing one cent of your investment? Yes, join the obedience language, discover how to speak with your child in a way that is impossible to ignore, teach them right from wrong, and start receiving compliments from their school teacher about their good behavior. See this happen over the next 30 days. And if still you feel that I do not deserve this investment, you will only need to click a button to receive 100% of your money back. That's right. You don't need to send an email, a WhatsApp message, and certainly not a phone call. All you need to do to change your mind is click a button. Easy and risk-free, right? Because if I am not good enough, you simply get refunded. If this does not demonstrate that I am 100% committed to your outcome. Honestly, I don't know what else will. Think about it. Entering the program doesn't mean you said yes. It just means you said maybe. So if you don't want to miss this opportunity to know how to raise obedient children without yelling, punishing, spanking, or bribing, you just need to click the button that appears below this video what will happen next is very simple you will be directed to the checkout page you can rest assured that the platform processing the payment is the one of the largest in the world your information is extremely confidential and even i will not have access to your data upon confirmation you will receive an email to create your access password to the obedience language platform this one right here and you can start today to see your first results super simple right okay now is the time to act You know that various mothers and fathers were in the same position you are today and did not take advantage of the opportunity. You'd be surprised to know that in five years, the only thing that changed in their children's lives was their height. The bad behavior is still there. Because the worst time a parent chooses to educate is always later. Because later, it may be too late. Ah, Michelle, you're just saying that to make me buy the program. No, that's not it. You can choose not to join. Think about it. I have a large team that is supported through this project. Will the value of the program change my life? With all the humility in the world? No. But can the obedience language change your life and the lives of your children? Absolutely. When you realize that, you see that the person who benefits most from your enrollment is you, not me. you know that the price of a pizza is preventing your child from obeying you the first time you speak weigh what matters more a pizza or your child's education well the decision is yours unfortunately the world is full of people who spend money on things that don't help them at all things that are mere frivolities while letting go of opportunities to improve their lives how many times have you spent even more than this on things that didn't solve any of your problems much less a crucial issue for the future of your child You already know that price is one thing and value is another. And anyone who already knows the obedience language knows that its price is nothing compared to the value it delivers in the lives of those who apply it. I don't want you to continue yelling and fighting with your children every day. And I'm sure that's not your future plan. At this moment, you're here at a crossroads with only two possible paths. Two paths that will lead to two totally different lives. One life is of peace, satisfaction, mastery, and confidence about your way of educating. where you'll be praised for the good behavior of your children and their good grades at school. This is the first path. Now, the other life? Well, the other life is just a continuation of the life you have now. Suffering from bad behavior? Feeling powerless outside of home because your child does not obey. and sometimes feeling guilty for yelling or hitting your child. That is the second path. Now I need you to listen carefully to know what your two options are so you can make the best decision in your life. Option one, leave this video, forget everything I said up to here. You can forget everything I said about the emotional sector that controls children's behavior and let children's content companies and the toy industry continue influencing your children's behavior in your own home. I know you don't want that to happen, that you're tired of feeling this way and that you truly crave a radical change in your routine. That's why I want you to take a deep breath, calm down, and seriously consider choosing option number two. This is the easiest, smartest, and safest choice. All you need to know is if you really love yourself enough to say maybe to participate in the obedience language program. Exactly. It's just a maybe because you have the right to try it out for 30 days. Remember? It's just about saying maybe by simply clicking the button below before the lights go out. See if everything I've said in this video is true. If it's not, you already know what to do. Click a button and ask for your money back. It's that simple. Just one click separates you from the parenting experience you so desire. The decision is yours. I have to admit, I firmly believe that you will make the right decision. After all, you've come this far. It takes determination. Mothers and fathers who show this kind of initiative tend to succeed in the program. You will do well. I'd like to preemptively welcome you to the obedience language. You're about to change your life forever. A big hug. See you on the inside. Still here? Perhaps you still have some doubts about the obedience language program, right? Let's address them. Michelle, I work during the day and spend little time with my child. I'm afraid I won't be able to watch language of obedience and put it into practice. I understand your concern, but I am also a mother and I know how tight our time is. That's why I developed the obedience language with busy parents like you in mind. With short practical classes, ready-made messages and specific bonuses, you'll transform communication with your child in just minutes a day. It's not about finding time. It's about making every second count. Imagine, in just a few minutes a day, developing a close and affectionate relationship with your children. That is priceless. Another doubt I constantly receive about the obedience language is, Michelle, my child is different. I don't think it will work for him. I understand your fear after all. Each child is unique. As a specialist in child behavior, I know this very well. That's why the obedience language recognizes this individuality. Our program is not a recipe, but a set of adaptable tools. It's not one size fits all, as some may think. Here we respect the uniqueness of your children and your family. But Michelle, I've tried other courses and they didn't work very well. I understand your frustration, but here's the difference. The obedience language is not a course, it's an educational program, something more sophisticated. A unique, fun, and effective program that shows results in real time as you apply it. And most importantly, it is a program based on scientific evidence. This, coupled with my 13 years of experience treating thousands of children, So, you can be sure that it is a program different from anything you've seen before. But Michelle, I still doubt if it will work for me even after your answers. No problem, and I don't blame you. The internet is full of people making false promises. People who don't show their faces in videos for fear of the consequences of their own lies. But I am putting my face, my reputation, and my family's life at the forefront of this project. because I know this program can change your life and if you're still not sure about it, that's okay. You can use the unconditional 30-day guarantee to decide from within with the entire program available to you. If even after going through all the classes in the program you think it wasn't worth it, we don't want you to leave a cent with us because we couldn't help you. Don't be afraid. Click the button below and transform your words into sweetness for your child. I believe from the bottom of my heart that if you've made it to the end of this video, it's because you wanted to have all the necessary information to make a decision. I am convinced that you now have the logical reasons to say maybe and try the obedience language in your home. Now this video is coming to an end. If you have any other doubts about the program, please send us an email at support at michellebotrell.com or call my customer service team on WhatsApp by clicking a button at the end of this page. Thank you for watching until the end and a big kiss.



